What was the name of the first permanent English settlement in North America?
Jamestown,Plymouth,Philadelphia
What was the name of the mysterious settlement in which all occupants disappeared?
Roanoke,Richmond,Plymouth
Who was the British general who surrendered to American forces at the Battle of Yorktown?
Cornwallis,William,George
Who wrote the pamphlet "Common Sense," which advocated for American independence from Britain?
Thomas Paine,Alexander Hamilton,James Madison
Who was the British general who led the failed attempt to capture the Continental Army at the Battle of Bunker Hill?
William Howe,Cornwallis,Thomas Gage
Who was the first Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court?
John Jay,Thomas Jefferson,Alexander Hamilton
What was the purpose of the Alien and Sedition Acts?
restrict immigration and speech,declare war on France,restricted right to trials
What was the name of the document declaring all slaves in Confederate-held territory to be free?
Emancipation Proclamation,Universal Declaration of Human Rights,13th Amendment
Who was the Union general who led the March to the Sea?
Tecumseh Sherman,George Meade,Ulysses S. Grant
Who was the founder of Standard Oil during the Gilded Age?
Rockefeller,Vanderbilt,Carnegie
Which country's sinking of the Lusitania contributed to the United States' entry into war?
Germany,France,Russia
What was the purpose of the Zimmermann Telegram, intercepted by British intelligence during World War I?
Put the US in war against Mexico,offer peace,disclose a future bombing
What was the name of the peace treaty that ended World War I?
Versailles,Paris,Madrid
Who was the leader of the Soviet Union during the Russian Revolution and the early years of communism?
Lenin,Trotsky,Stalin
What was the name of the government program that provided work relief for unemployed Americans during the Great Depression?
New Deal,Fair Deal,19th Amendment
What was a major turning point for the Americans in World War II?
Midway,Wake Island,Pearl Harbor
What was the code name for the project to develop the atomic bomb during World War II?
Manhattan Project,Operation Overlord,Operation Valkyrie
What was the code name for the Allied invasion of Normandy on June 6, 1944?
Operation Overlord,Operation Valkyrie,Operation Barbarossa
What was the name of Prime Minister Churchill's famous speech during World War II?
The finest hour,the first hour,moment of glory
Which event marked the beginning of World War II in Europe?
Invasion of Poland,Pearl Harbor,Treaty of versailles